add docs about dev mode field in manifest (#447)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/manifest.mdx

    custom.label/dev: "true"
```

#### mode (string, optional)

Defines how `okteto up` will setup the development container and behave within the cluster.

Currently two options are available:
- `sync`: (default) Sync & run your code in a remote development container.

> - `hybrid`: Run your code on your local computer instead of in a remote development container, while rest of your service components runs in your remote cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hybrid`: Run your code on your local computer instead of in a remote development container, while rest of your service components runs in your remote cluster.
```

"Run your code on your local computer" -- isn't this how Okteto works today? This makes it sound like if using `sync` (default) then your code runs in the remote dev container. Just want to make sure I understand correctly before considering a suggested change here 😄

Reviewer 2: sync is how okteto up behaves today. 'hybrid' is the new model where the process runs in your local machine, but the rest of the application runs on the cluster.

Reviewer 3: I think this is resolved? Feel free to reopen it again and clarify suggested change. :)

> Most use-cases should use default `sync` mode, but `hybrid` may be desired to achieve a faster development experience in some scenarios:

Reviewer 2: This needs to be more specific. Can we talk more concretely about why pick one vs the other? If not, I think it's better to remove this and describe the options without having an opinion on which one to use.

Author: should we talk about it on the dedicated page/blog?

Reviewer 4: I agree with @rberrelleza that we should remove it here if we don't explain it in detail. More thoughts here: https://github.com/okteto/docs/pull/447/files#r1259847016

|   | `sync` | `hybrid` |
|---|---|---|

> | Soure code  | Uses Syncthing to sync files bidirectionally with your remote development container | Uses local source code directly, no files syncing needed |

Reviewer 2: both sync and hybrid "Uses local source code directly".  I don't think this is a good way to explain the difference. The main difference is that on sync, the code is synchronized and development runs in a container, while on hybrid, the service under development runs in the local computer, and it "connects" with the rest of the application in the cluster, right?

Author: yes, that's it. Maybe is a little bit confusing this table yeah. I don't think it add too much value

| `command` context | Runs in the _remote development container_ | Runs on your _local machine_, so traffic need to be rerouted from/to cluster, e.g. using `reverse` option |

> ##### `hybrid` motivation and example

Reviewer 2: @omnomagonz I don't think this kind of docs should "live" here. This makes it harder to navigate the reference. Maybe we need to have a separate page explaining the motivation behind 'okteto up', and then talk in-depth about the modes and when to choose one vs the other?

Reviewer 4: I agree! I'm open to having this in a blog, but then those won't be easy to discover for someone trying to learn more about the feature. Maybe a separate doc page like we did for Catalog. But then that begs the question where do we draw the line on what gets a separate page and what doesn't.

> 

Reviewer 2: In which scenario you don't want a fast file-change-to-reload? Speed is not the right way to explain the reason. No one wants to pick a "slower" action.

> A typical use-case and motivation for using `hybrid` is when developing a service that require "very fast" file-change-to-reload times. Frontend development tooling (e.g. Webpack) is a common example. Since hybrid mode avoids having to sync file changes to remote development container and wait for the container to detect file changes to trigger a rebuild, it's typically order-of-magnitude faster than `sync` mode.

Reviewer 2: Do we have data to back this up? If I read this, my first reaction would be never using "sync" mode. Why would I pick something 10 times slower?

On the other hand, with the service running locally breaks replicability between OS, and may add latency when accessing the rest of the services in the cluster.  But it's usually an OK tradeoff for development purposes.

> If you want to use the hybrid mode, you only need to configure the necessary ports to expose the service running on your local machine to the development container in remote so that the rest of the components running on the cluster can communicate with the development container as if it were the one running the application remotely. To do that, you can make use of the [reverse](reference/manifest.mdx#reverse) field, which will expose the indicated port of your local machine to the desired port on the development container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `hybrid` mode, you need to configure the necessary ports to expose the service running on your local machine to the remote development container. This ensures all components running on the cluster can communicate with the development container and your local services by extension. 

To do this you can make use of the [reverse](reference/manifest.mdx#reverse) field, which will expose the indicated port of your local machine to the desired port on the development container.
```
